>> Steve Kinney: There is one more
kind of fun component in there.
I mean, there's a lot of fun components.
[LAUGH] But the next fun component that
we're gonna play with is the LCD screen.
I'll show that to you real quick here.
It is definitely one of our more
complicated wiring diagrams.
So what we're gonna do is spend a little
bit of time wiring it up because I think
from my camera angle watching me wire it
up is probably not as helpful as actually
looking at the diagram and
following that along.
So we'll kind of get this one wired up.
There's a lot of kind of moving parts in
place and then we'll take it for a spin.
This is definitely the boss level in
the wiring things up in this case.